doc: added NCS-8372 to known SES-NE issues (#4008)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: doc/nrf/known_issues.rst

SEGGER Embedded Studio Nordic Edition
*************************************

> .. rst-class:: v1-4-2 v1-4-1 v1-4-0

Reviewer: Is this change on purpose? Since it's not mentioned in the commit.

Author: it's a followup from this PR:
https://github.com/nrfconnect/sdk-nrf/pull/3771#discussion_r580095034

@umapraseeda prefered to just get #3771 in, and then I removed the `v1-5-0` in this PR I had to do anyway.

NCSDK-6852: Extra CMake options might not be applied in version 5.10d
  If you specify :guilabel:`Extra CMake Build Options` in the :guilabel:`Open nRF Connect SDK Project` dialog and at the same time select an :guilabel:`nRF Connect Toolchain Version` of the form ``X.Y.Z``, the additional CMake options are discarded.

  **Workaround:** Select ``NONE (Use SES settings / environment PATH)`` from the  :guilabel:`nRF Connect Toolchain Version` drop-down if you want to specify :guilabel:`Extra CMake Build Options`.

.. rst-class:: v1-5-0 v1-4-2 v1-4-1 v1-4-0

> NCSDK-8372: Project name collision causes SES-Nordic Edition to load the wrong project
>   Some projects has colliding names although grouped in different folders or the SES-Nordic Edition selection list.
>   Example of such a projet is the Bluetooth Mesh - Light Switch which collides with the Zigbee - Light Switch project.
>   The :guilabel:`Build Directory` field in the :guilabel:`Open nRF Connect SDK Project` dialog contains the path to the actual project being loaded by SES-Nordic Edition.
> 
>   **Workaround:** When the path in :guilabel:`Build Directory` points to the wrong project, for example :file:`bluetooth/mesh/light_switch` instead of :file:`zigbee/light_switch` then use the :guilabel:`...` button for :guilabel:`Projects` and navigate to the correct project location.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
NCSDK-8372: Project name collision causes SES Nordic Edition to load the wrong project
  Some samples that are located in different folders use the same project name.
  For example, there is a ``light_switch`` project both in the :file:`samples/bluetooth/mesh/' folder and in the :file:`samples/zigbee/` folder.
  When you select one of these samples from the project list in the :guilabel:`Open nRF Connect SDK Project` dialog, the wrong sample might be selected. 
  Check the :guilabel:`Build Directory` field in the dialog to see if this is the case.
  The field indicates the path to the project that SES Nordic Edition will load.

  **Workaround:** If the path in :guilabel:`Build Directory` points to the wrong project, select the correct project by using the :guilabel:`...` button for :guilabel:`Projects` and navigating to the correct project location.
  The build directory will update automatically.
```

SEGGER Embedded Studio Nordic Edition
*************************************

.. rst-class:: v1-4-2 v1-4-1 v1-4-0

NCSDK-6852: Extra CMake options might not be applied in version 5.10d
  If you specify :guilabel:`Extra CMake Build Options` in the :guilabel:`Open nRF Connect SDK Project` dialog and at the same time select an :guilabel:`nRF Connect Toolchain Version` of the form ``X.Y.Z``, the additional CMake options are discarded.

  **Workaround:** Select ``NONE (Use SES settings / environment PATH)`` from the  :guilabel:`nRF Connect Toolchain Version` drop-down if you want to specify :guilabel:`Extra CMake Build Options`.

.. rst-class:: v1-5-0 v1-4-2 v1-4-1 v1-4-0

NCSDK-8372: Project name collision causes SES Nordic Edition to load the wrong project
  Some samples that are located in different folders use the same project name.

>   For example, there is a ``light_switch`` project both in the :file:`samples/bluetooth/mesh/' folder and in the :file:`samples/zigbee/` folder.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  For example, there is a ``light_switch`` project both in the :file:`samples/bluetooth/mesh/` folder and in the :file:`samples/zigbee/` folder.
```
Sorry, wrong tick that messes up the formatting.
